fix(s3): edit endpoint plugin config (#77)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/api-cli/object-storage-aws-cli.mdx

  - You have [configured your API keys](/console/my-project/how-to/generate-api-key/)
  - You have [installed the AWS-CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html)
</Message>

## Installing and configuring the endpoint plugin

The AWS-CLI is an open-source tool built on top of the AWS SDK for Python (Boto) that provides commands for interacting with AWS services. With minimal configuration, you can start using all of the functionality provided by the AWS Management.

To interact with AWS, `aws-cli` and `awscli-plugin-endpoint` need to be installed. The `awscli-plugin-endpoint` is a great plugin to help people more easily access third-party S3 providers.

<Message type="important">

  To perform the following steps, you must have already installed the AWS-CLI. The installation procedure may differ depending on your operating system and the version you install. To install the AWS-CLI v1, please refer to [this page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv1.html). For v2, follow [this documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html).

</Message>

1. Install `awscli-plugin-endpoint`.

  ```

>   /usr/local/opt/awscli/libexec/bin/pip install --no-deps awscli-plugin-endpoint

Reviewer: I think this will only work for awscli v2 on macOS installed via homebrew

  - You have [configured your API keys](/console/my-project/how-to/generate-api-key/)

</Message>

<Message type="note">

  This page uses AWS-CLI v1. If you want to follow the installation procedure for v2, see the [AWS-CLI documentation page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html). 

</Message>

## How to install the AWS-CLI

The AWS-CLI is an open-source tool built on top of the AWS SDK for Python (Boto) that provides commands for interacting with AWS services. With minimal configuration, you can start using all of the functionality provided by the AWS Management.

To interact with AWS, `aws-cli` and `awscli-plugin-endpoint` need to be installed. The `awscli-plugin-endpoint` is a great plugin to help people more easily access third-party S3 providers.

1. Install `aws-cli` and `awscli-plugin` using `pip`.

  ```
  pip3 install awscli
  pip3 install awscli-plugin-endpoint
  ```

2. Create the file `~/.aws/config` by running the following command:
  ```
  aws configure set plugins.endpoint awscli_plugin_endpoint
  ```
3. Create the `~/.aws/config` by running the following command:
  ```
  aws configure
  ```

> 4. Open the `~/.aws/config` file with a text editor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 3. Open the file in a text editor and edit it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open `~/.aws/config` in a text editor and edit it as follows:
```

  ```
  aws configure set plugins.endpoint awscli_plugin_endpoint
  ```
3. Create the `~/.aws/config` by running the following command:
  ```
  aws configure
  ```

> 4. Open `~/.aws/config` in a text editor and edit it as follows:

Reviewer 2: This seems to be repeated twice (same text, though different command, for both steps 2 & 3)

  s3api =
    endpoint_url = https://s3.nl-ams.scw.cloud
  ```
  <Message type="important">

>     If you are using the AWS-CLI v2, you must include the path to the plugin in your configuration file. Use `cli_legacy_plugin_path = <path-to-plugin>` replacing `<path-to-plugin>` with the corresponding path. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using the AWS-CLI v2, you must include the path to the plugin in your configuration file. Add `cli_legacy_plugin_path = <path-to-plugin>` to the `[plugins]` section, replacing `<path-to-plugin>` with the corresponding path. 
```

  </Message>

  <Message type="note">

  Set the `endpoint_url` and `region` corresponding to the geographical region of your bucket. It can either be `fr-par` (Paris, France), `nl-ams` (Amsterdam, The Netherlands) or `pl-waw`(Warsaw, Poland).

  </Message>

> 4. Generate a credentials file using the command:

Reviewer: And the others list items below should be increased too, but the github interface won't let me sugget
